Set up linting via Vale (#5)
posit-dev/positron-docs: start.qmd

python3 -m pip install ipykernel
```

> Alternatively, Positron will prompt you to install the IPykernel package if it isn't found when you first try to use a Python environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, Positron prompts you to install the IPykernel package if it isn't found when you initially try to use a Python environment.
```
